meson: support client-only builds (#49)
linux-msm/cdba: meson_options.txt

> option('server', type: 'feature', description: 'Controls whether the CDBA server is built')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option('server', type: 'feature', description: 'Controls whether the CDBA server is built, default true if dependencies are found on the system')
```

Author: I opted for a slightly different text here.
